Updating issue and PR templates (#3132)
TeamNewPipe/NewPipe: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

> 

Reviewer: Will this automatically change the title with what is in title? If yes, that's really cool!

Author: Yes it will. Quite nice change. Also, the label is automatically applied.

---

<!--
Oh no, a bug. It happens. Thanks for reporting an issue with NewPipe

Use this template to notify us if you found a bug.

To make it easier for us to help you please enter detailed information below.

> Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and

Reviewer: You didn't include a link to the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/wiki/CONTRIBUTING.md-mirror)

Also, question to TeamNewpipe
> Do not report crashes in the GitHub issue tracker. NewPipe has an automated crash report system that will ask you to send a report via e-mail when a crash occurs. This contains all the data we need for debugging, and allows you to even add a comment to it. You'll see exactly what is sent, the system is 100% transparent

You don't want people to just paste the crash report on GitHub because Sentry is better with automatization, but you are welcoming detailed report with steps to reproduce, further explaination… on GitHub, am I right?
Because if yes, this paragraph is not needed, by following the template people will give information. If no, we should write about that.

Author: >You didn't include a link to the contribution guidelines

Not needed for a bug/feature report, not like they are actually contributing.

Reviewer 2: > Not needed for a bug/feature report, not like they are actually contributing.

The guidelines contain valuable information about reporting bugs or requesting features. Also, a simple link doesn't force people to follow it (although it would be better).

> You don't want people to just paste the crash report on GitHub because Sentry is better with automatization, but you are welcoming detailed report with steps to reproduce, further explaination… on GitHub, am I right?

I think we need to make a poll with the regular contributors asking them about their usage of Sentry. To me it doesn't seem overly well used.

Depending on the result we have to define how bugs should be reported. Perhaps we can include a unique (enough) ID or something so that issues sent to Sentry can be found more easily on demand (i.e., the reporter can post that ID, and the devs can find the relevant Sentry entry by searching for it).

*Not* posting all the bug report information in public is also a good idea for privacy reasons. Why should we request anyone to post intimate details about their YouTube habits for bug reports?

We also intend to switch to an alternative/fork/successor, as Sentry has turned into a proprietary software lately*.

In any case, @TobiGr, it's up to you to decide how bugs should be reported. I just provided some ideas for improvements.

*(*Damn all those generous CLAs from companies! They really make sense for non-profit projects only if they're restricted to stuff relevant for copyright cases in courts (i.e., they need to be worded in a way so the license can't be changed but the company has the copyright "officially" so they can actually sue others), and non-profits don't misuse them for turning software proprietary...)*

Author: Good point with the link, will do some magic formatting and include it

Author: Done, will leave it open for Tobis comment

Reviewer 3: > Perhaps we can include a unique (enough) ID or something so that issues sent to Sentry can be found more easily on demand (i.e., the reporter can post that ID, and the devs can find the relevant Sentry entry by searching for it).

Good idea. In this way, we could also add more valuable information like downloaded documents to the crash report.

> I think we need to make a poll with the regular contributors asking them about their usage of Sentry. To me it doesn't seem overly well used.

The problem is that Sentry is too messy and searching logs in Sentry is quite difficult. We might also consider to not accept bugs from older versions.

master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest

> version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in you app (left sidebar, about)

Reviewer: I think you can be more precise than just left sidebar, about.
Eg: To check you version, swipe from left to right to open the drawer, click on "About", and you will see your current version.

-->
### Steps to reproduce
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Press on '....'
3. Swipe down to '....'

> 

Reviewer: Add a paragraph to say:

If you can't reproduce it, say how it happened blabla

### Expected behavior
Tell us what you expected to happen.

### Actual behaviour
Tell us what happens instead

### Screenshots/-recording
If applicable, add screenshots or a screen recording to help explain your problem. Github should support uploading them directly in the issue field. If your file is too big, feel free to paste a link from a image/video hoster here instead.

### Logs
If your bug includes a crash, please head over to the [incredible bugreport to markdown converter](https://teamnewpipe.github.io/CrashReportToMarkdown/). Copy the result. Paste it between the code tags:

> <code>here</code>

Author: Oh boy, good catch. That would have left some angry faces.

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Oh no, a bug. It happens. Thanks for reporting an issue with NewPipe

Use this template to notify us if you found a bug.

To make it easier for us to help you please enter detailed information below.

Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and
master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest

> version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in you app (To check you version, press on the three line menu on the left, click on "About", and you will see your current version.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in you app (To check you version, press on the three line menu on the left, click on "About", and you will see your current version).
```

-->
### Steps to reproduce
<!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Press on '....'
3. Swipe down to '....'

### Expected behavior
Tell us what you expected to happen.

### Actual behaviour

> Tell us what happens instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tell us what happens instead.
```

### Screenshots/-recording
If applicable, add screenshots or a screen recording to help explain your problem. Github should support uploading them directly in the issue field. If your file is too big, feel free to paste a link from a image/video hoster here instead.

### Logs
If your bug includes a crash, please head over to the [incredible bugreport to markdown converter](https://teamnewpipe.github.io/CrashReportToMarkdown/). Copy the result. Paste it here:

> <!--Thats right, here-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--That's right, here-->
```

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Oh no, a bug. It happens. Thanks for reporting an issue with NewPipe

Use this template to notify us if you found a bug.

To make it easier for us to help you please enter detailed information below.

> Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in your app (to check your version, open the left drawer and click on "About").

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and the master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start. Make sure its version is the same as in your app (to check your version, open the left drawer and click on "About").
```

> Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and the master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start. Make sure its version is the same as in your app (to check your version, open the left drawer and click on "About").

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and the master branch. Make sure to upgrade & reproduce the problem on the latest version before opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start. Make sure its version is the same as in your app (to check your version, open the left drawer and click on "About").
```

> P.S.: Our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) might be a nice document to read before you fill out the report :)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
P.S.: Our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) might be a nice document to read before you fill out the report. :)
```

Author: Imo, an emoji replaces the punctuation

Reviewer 4: What? When did that become the norm? Why wasn't I called to that meeting? This is breach of protocol!

Anyway, it looks okay in _some_ cases, but not in others.

Author: so, is this one of the cases?

Reviewer 4: It looks fine _here_, but, you know, consistency.

Author: "we" arent using more emojis in the documents then the two cases you mentioned

Author: So. Are we just sticking with it?

Reviewer 4: Your wish. I don't have enough faith in the lord left to convince you either way. YOU HAVE SHAKEN ME.

Author: uhhmmm. sure. Im just, uh. gonna go over there. jesus.

Reviewer 4: **unblinking stare**

> P.S.: Our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) might be a nice document to read before you fill out the report :)

Reviewer 3: Is  markdown rendered here?

Reviewer 3: Or as suggested by @wb9688 (:P) on IRC:
```suggestion
P.S.: Our contribution guidelines might be a nice document to read before you fill out the report :) You can find it at https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md
```

-->
### Version
<!--Which version are you using?-->
- 

> ### Steps to reproduce

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Steps to reproduce the bug
```

> <!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->

Author: No, you can give more details!

:*

> <!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->

Reviewer 4: xD I just learned how to give commit-able suggestions. Wait a few minutes till I'm done.

> <!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->

Author: nah, that would result in so many commits, Im just going to do it manually. If you want the practice, sure, go for it

> <!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->

Reviewer 4: You can add it all in a batch commit, I just saw.

> <!--If you cant reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug-->

Author: seriously. Well I didn't want two of your suggestions anyway ;P

> <!-- If you can't reproduce it, please try and give as many details as possible how you think you got to the bug. -->

Reviewer 5: "try and give" is american-ish, I think
```suggestion
<!-- If you can't reproduce it, please try to give as many details as possible on how you think you got to the bug. -->
```

Author: Ihhh. America.

Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Press on '....'
3. Swipe down to '....'

### Expected behavior
Tell us what you expected to happen.

### Actual behaviour
Tell us what happens instead.

> ### Screenshots/-recording

Author: /Screenrecordings?

> ### Screenshots/-recording

Reviewer 4: I think that has become an accepted term, so okay.

> ### Screenshots/-recording

Author: yes, I win.

> ### Screenshots/-recording

Reviewer 4: For now...

> ### Screenshots/-recording

Author: BRING. IT. ON.

If applicable, add screenshots or a screen recording to help explain your problem. Github should support uploading them directly in the issue field. If your file is too big, feel free to paste a link from a image/video hoster here instead.

### Logs
If your bug includes a crash, please head over to the [incredible bugreport to markdown converter](https://teamnewpipe.github.io/CrashReportToMarkdown/). Copy the result. Paste it here:

> <!--That's right, here-->

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<!--That's right, here!-->
```

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a bug report to help us improve
title: "[BUG]"
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Oh no, a bug. It happens. Thanks for reporting an issue with NewPipe

Use this template to notify us if you found a bug.

To make it easier for us to help you please enter detailed information below.

Please note, we only support the latest version of NewPipe and

> master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in you app (To check you version, press on the three line menu on the left, click on "About", and you will see your current version).

Reviewer 5: Why is there a newline before this line? It should be removed
```suggestion
master branch. Please make sure to upgrade & recreate the issue on the latest version prior to opening an issue. The release page (https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases/latest) is a good start, make sure its version is the same as in your app (to check your version, open the left drawer and click on "About").
```
